If I win
If you win, I'll jump off this building
It's too cheap to let you die
If I'm not mistaken
Give the sacred Buddha to the mother of the Holy Ancestor
You did it too
Yes, you can see the problem with that bracelet.
So I win and I don't want you to die
I want you to live well
I believe in Mr. Sheng
It will definitely keep you alive
Sure, do it!
Miss Guan, please ask question 3, Master Yang
You are too impulsive
No one has ever answered this third question
Then you're lucky
I can answer it for you today.
Mr. Yang
Can you tell where this slate came from?
And the words above
Can you see what the expression means?
Why can't you see it?
I don't want to die. I want to stall for time.
Why are you in such a hurry to enjoy it?
The life that Mr. Sheng brings you is better than death
Then you said this slate is not from the Central Plains
It's the Kunlun Mountains.
How do you know?
The text above tells me
Also recorded your family's secrets
How do we solve this game?
It says here
Need to find someone with a prodigy
Combined Tianmu Prodigy
Isn't that my ability?
The bond is lost again
And? And?